---
title: Project configuration page sections
description: Describes the sections of the Project Configuration page
keywords:
    - project
    - configuration
    - section
---

A **Project Configuration** page is split into two main sections:

- **Project Data**
- **Project Configurations**

## Project Data

This section chooses what data is put into the project, and how those data fields (aka *features*) are used as inputs and outputs for training the models generated by the project.

### Data File

This subsection lets you upload data files or choose data files that you have previously uploaded.

### Inputs/Outputs

These fields are the inputs and outputs for the solutions being trained. A project trains and produces multiple solutions, all of which use the same set of inputs and outputs defined in this project configuration section.

## Project Configurations

This section is focused on project (as opposed to data) settings. For a detailed explanation of the settings in the following subsections, see <font color="red">@@Reference > Project settings and UI > Project Configuration page settings.@@</font>

### Training Options

These are high-level model settings that control such things as which model algorithms to use and specific options for each algorithm (such as the number of nodes and layers to use in the Neural Networks algorithm).

### Data Options

This subsection controls:

- Training/testing set size and sampling technique.
- If data is normalized for input and output features.
- Training set vs. testing set distribution.

### Optimizer

The optimizer automatically tries to refine and tweak your modeling during each iteration of training.

### Run Settings

These settings focus on the project training process. These settings include:

- Training time limit.
- Model performance score (answers the question "how good is good enough?").
- Whether to automatically publish the best solution.

### Automation Run Settings

This subsection allows you to automate project training. For example, you could direct that a particular project be retrained every Tuesday at 6pm, but only if the input data file has been modified.